hey guys the Rick here bringing you
another video I've been doing a lot of
one-on-one videos and my top three
videos and really haven't shown this
tank this is my pride and joy my 55
gallon tank so I'm just going to talk a
little bit about it and let sit back and
enjoy what I got going on for filtration
is to Marineland penguin 350 bio wheels
on the right side I have mainly sponges
and to you know collect all the debris
and poop and whatnot on the left side I
have mainly only bio media to house on
the beneficial bacteria on the right
side I clean it out every other week it
can get pretty messy water changes on
this is two times a week anywhere from
twenty to thirty percent the plants do
help with the nitrates so don't really
have a problem with that there's only
two plants in there java fern and
anubias that's it driftwood I have
montanita and rocks just a whole bunch
of different types of rocks whatever it
looks good i just added to this tank
now fish we have a lot we have some
silver angels we have Cardinals we have
the beautiful torpedo Barb's
bleeding-heart tetris we have the two
deals redheads in the back they are
showing signs of a breeding behavior
moving a lot of sand around so I think
it's just a matter of time before I am
going to see some eggs again I have two
rainbows I have two Rams in here you can
see the mail on the right side I have
four sign these algae eaters these guys
help the tank you get clean I have a
school or not real big school but a
small school of rubbing those tetras and
I have my client clown loaches they're
hiding in the back they only come out
once I feed them clown loaches i will
sell them eventually one maybe if they
do get about an inch inch bigger I
believe the star of this tank now would
be the two deals you know this is going
to be their tank I really do love them
and the colors are amazing the the
lighting I leave it on about eight hours
or so the plants they seem to do well
and grow a lot of new leaves
under there
everyone gets along a little bit
aggression from the jills that's their
spot so I'm thinking they're going to
lay soon always chasing fish away other
than that there's no problems the Angels
don't bother the the Cardinals if you're
wondering though maybe the neons because
they're a lot smaller but these
Cardinals are much bigger and there's no
problem with the angels other than that
that's about it you know the idea of
this tank was that have two islands and
just the sand this escape is definitely
not going to change its going to stay
the way it is I just really haven't
joined escape actually prefer it you
know over the old 55 let me know in the
comments which 55 you prefer more this
one or the old one but I think this one
looks a lot better it looks more natural
in a way the other one the Java front on
the driftwood was crazy it was a lot of
crazy growth but it didn't really look
natural you know this looked a little
bit more natural so yeah this is the 55
it's doing great if Li you guys enjoy
some footage on it it's been a while
any questions you might have on this
tank or the fish please let me know even
in the comments below I really do
appreciate you guys taking the time to
watch my videos and as always guys very
comment and subscribe thanks for
watching